[theme music]
[crow cawing]
[Master Lee] Daeho once suffered
a long, unprecedented drought.
It was so severe that it caused
Lake Gyeongcheondaeho
to dry up completely.
[crow cawing]
[tense music]
To fill the lake back up with energy,
the mages of Daeho performed a grand rite.
Enormous hailstones began
to fall from the sky.
But among the hailstones
that fell that day,
there was one that did not melt.
That piece of unmelted ice
turned into fire,
then into stone,
and finally water,
before returning to its original ice form.
In that process,
it produced a black powder
known as the Soul Ejector,
used for the alchemy of souls.
[mages grunting]
[screaming]
The power of the Soul Ejector
was astonishing.
It summoned the soul back into
its dead body to bring it back to life.
Exchanged the souls of two bodies.
Sucked the souls out of living people
and stole their energy.
And eventually, that astonishing power
brought forth chaos.
[dramatic music]
In order to possess
the never-melting ice stone
that produced the Soul Ejector,
the mages fought a bloody war,
turning Daeho into a living hell.
The man who ended that long war…
was the founder of Songrim,
Master Seo Gyeong.
And he taught me everything.
[girl] So the ice stone is
an amazing thing.
So where is it? I want to see it.
It is an extremely frightening stone.
The sorcery performed with its power
also created strange objects
that hurt people.
Child, where did you get that doll?
I found it in the mountains.
Would you trade it for these chestnuts?
[boy] Yeah!
Hmm.
This is not just an ordinary toy,
it's a cursed relic.
[relic cracking]
[boy, girl] Wow!
[both] What was that?
These are dangerous things created
by powerful sorcery.
Oh, I know.
They're called relics, aren't they?
They're at Jinyowon.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
In Jinyowon, there're even
more dangerous relics.
[Master Lee] Many strange items made
with the power of the ice stone
are locked away there.
And there they stay, waiting for a chance
to come out into the world again.
[Go Won] Should I take you in?
[Mu-deok] No, sir.
Although I may be a filthy girl
avoided by everyone,
I refuse to serve just anyone,
Your Royal Highness.
[sighs] That rude girl.
She should have just said
"I would be honored".
The scent of cinnamon in this batch
of cinnamon and ginger wine is excellent.
[Mu-deok] Oh, goodness.
Thank you so much, Your Highness.
[sniffs]
Smells just like cinnamon.
[scoffs]
Insolent girl.
Is something amiss, Your Royal Highness?
Filthy Mu-deok got her filth on me.
The stench will not go away.
[sniffs] But you smell wonderful.
[sighs]
Enough. Leave.
I said "Leave"!
Yes, Your Highness.
[door opens]
[door closes]
I saved her, rescued her,
gave her my sachet and a silk dress.
Ungrateful girl.
[ominous music]
-[mirror Mu-deok] I am honored.
-Did I not tell you to…
Filthy Mu-deok?
How did you get in here?
I have that sachet that you bestowed
upon me, Your Royal Highness.
Well, I suppose you need something again.
I know you have been
thinking about me, Your Highness,
so I came to see you.
Are you saying you know
how to read my mind?
Well, good then.
While you're here, have a glass
of very strong cinnamon and ginger wine.
Mm.
It does smell really wonderful.
It does?
[exhales]
I must say, I really do like this place.
If you continue to think of me
just as you did today,
Your Royal Highness,
I will come and visit you.
[chuckles]
The palace is indeed great.
Do you know why…
I continue to think about you here…
in this place of soft silk, confined wine?
You're Filthy Mu-deok.
But at this moment,
you do not reek of filth.
[gasps]
Highness.
Who are you?
[suspenseful music]
Ah.
You caught me.
[dramatic music intensifies]
[door opens]
Something wicked was in here.
-Search the place.
-[female mages] Yes, Your Highness.
Why did it appear as that girl?
-[Ho-gyeong] Search every corner.
-[female mages] Yes.
The Crown Prince is here, my lady.
The Crown Prince?
I've come looking for someone.
I was told I could find her here.
Is something going on?
I heard a ruckus.
A servant caused trouble and disappeared,
so we were looking for her.
A servant?
She's not of our household.
She serves the Jang family. Mu-deok.
She's the very one I'm here for.
Did something happen with her?
That servant…
broke the yin-yang jade
that was meant to be used to make…
my wedding rings.
[Cho-yeon] I told you to be careful.
What will you do about this?
I'm very sorry, my lady.
Please, spare me!
I will summon her master.
For now, take her
and lock her up in the annex.
[breathes heavily]
Please, spare me!
[Mu-deok] I am sorry!
[Cho-yeon] Perhaps she was
scared of being punished.
But while she was locked up,
she stole the broken jade and ran away.
Seeing as we still have not found her,
it seems that she already made her escape.
She got scared and ran away?
A bold girl like her?
Mages from Jeongjingak are here.
[footsteps approaching]
What… brings you here, Your Highness?
What brings you here, Yul?
I'm looking for someone.
Are you… also looking for Mu-deok?
Yes.
I am looking for Mu-deok.
[pensive music]
[Cho-yeon] She broke the yin-yang jade,
and then ran away with it
to avoid punishment.
[Dang-gu] But why did you not
have the wedding rings made?
I went to Chwiseonru to lend you my hand,
but they said you left in a hurry.
[gasps]
I… I just postponed it.
Yul, why are you looking for Mu-deok?
I, too, saw the illusion that you did,
Your Royal Highness.
How did you come into Songrim?
I came because you kept thinking of me.
What do you mean?
You were longing for
the one you met at Danhyanggok.
Stop fooling around.
What do you mean "longing"?
-I would never.
-You are lying.
You still have
the whistle with you, right?
You barely noticed the pain in your leg.
And you were not scared to be scolded.
Because you liked me so much.
If you keep thinking of me…
I will visit you.
[gasps]
You are…
You cannot be human.
You're getting rid of me?
Then you'll never see me again.
[inhales deeply]
[soft music]
[mirror shatters]
It wasn't her. It was an illusion.
Then, does that mean
what I saw was also an illusion?
It was odd, so I went to
Chwiseonru to find her.
And they told me
that she was dragged here.
She wasn't dragged.
She was here to run an errand.
And she's disappeared
with the precious treasure.
We're not in search of an illusion,
we're in search of a thief.
[tense music]
Here comes her master, now.
Is Master Lee not here today, either?
He's always been the wandering sort.
He brought this dog and left.
Was this Gwigu also made
from the ice stone?
Master Seo Gyeong made it
with the energy from the ice stone
to sniff out traces of sorcery.
Uk broke Gwigu's pottery,
so Master Lee
brought the spirit from Jinyowon
and put it inside this little dog.
And you're sure you really do not know
where Master Seo Gyeong…
sealed the ice stone, either?
Hmm.
I do not.
You think the alchemy of souls
started again because someone
has managed to unseal the ice stone?
The only way to shift souls
without first mastering Hwansu
is to use the ice stone.
I'm quite certain that
someone has unsealed it
and brought it into the world again.
If so, it's a disaster.
We must not repeat
the chaos of two centuries ago.
We must find the ice stone,
no matter what it takes.
I was given orders to give this to you.
I thought you were going
to lie low for a while.
Are you planning
to shift another soul, then?
Tell them that I received this.
[chuckles]
Yes.
Hurry up and find a eunuch
who can replace him.
You will be shifted into that body,
so choose wisely, Gil-ju.
Yes.
[Gil-ju] I did not serve the Danju
just to shift into a body of a eunuch.
If I use Naksu,
I can get the body I want.
My servant has committed
a grave sin against you.
As her master, I'm fully to blame.
And I apologize.
You must be upset to lose the jade
that was meant for the wedding rings.
I begged my mother for that yin-yang jade.
[sighs]
They say that
if your rings are made with it,
you will grow old together.
But it is broken now.
I did not know
it held such a deep meaning.
I must say, I'm upset as well.
We will find you a more valuable jade
which you can use
to help make your wedding rings.
Since your apology is sincere,
I will accept it.
-You may all leave now.
-Thank you.
I cannot do that.
I need to find Mu-deok.
I won't rest
until we catch that wicked servant
and recover the yin-yang jade
for you as well.
She's weak and, uh, has short legs,
so she will not have gone far.
Please, permit me to stay
so I can look for her.
Go ahead if you must.
[Jang Uk] Thank you, my lady.
Now that I have your permission,
would you please open it?
The place of relics and artifacts.
Open the door to Jinyowon.
[dramatic music playing]
[Ho-gyeong] Jinyowon can only be opened
by a member of the Jin family.
Right now, Cho-yeon and I
are the only ones who can open this door.
It's impossible that she's in there.
I'm sure I saw Mu-deok's illusion.
Perhaps you were seeing things.
How can you be sure
the illusion was created by a relic?
I saw it, too.
I'm certain it was an illusion
in Mu-deok's form.
All the relics with the power
to create illusions
should be inside Jinyowon, are they not?
Please, let me go inside and check.
Very well. I will open the door.
However, this place is filled
with dangerous relics and artifacts.
You could become possessed
and trapped inside.
Young Master, it's too dangerous.
[Seo Yul] I will go with him.
[exhales relievedly]
I'll go as well.
It sounds fun.
When will I get
another chance to see inside?
[cheeky music]
[sighs]
[tense music]
Go on inside.
I'll give you no more than an hour.
We should inform the leader.
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
Mu-deok!
[Go Won] Hmm, so this is Jinyowon.
They say every item
in here is so precious,
they cannot be bought with money.
Will you please be quiet?
We are not on tour.
[scoffs]
Are these all yours?
Well, I suppose if you marry
into the Jin family, they will be.
-[scoffs]
-I envy you.
All of these treasures
will become yours, Jin Uk.
If you're so envious,
you can get married instead,
Your Highness.
But even if it all was yours,
how could you touch them
when you're so scared?
You're not even good at spells.
You think your spells are powerful enough
to touch anything?
Well, Lady Jin told us
not to touch anything.
What an excuse!
You're just too scared to touch them.
[scoffs]
-[artifact roars]
-[Go Won yelps]
What was that?
Is everyone all right?
[Go Won] It seems
there's something odd in there.
Were you not startled?
I was startled.
Be careful in the dark, Your Highness.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Was he really startled?
Yes. When he's startled,
he loses his sense of direction.
Yul, not that way! Hey!
Goodness, we… we have to go the other way.
[Go Won] Go that way. That way.
Let us all try to be careful.
So even cool-headed Seo Yul
loses his way when he is startled.
Indeed.
Uh, be careful, Your Highness.
Careful yourself.
Let us stick together.
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
How did I get stuck here?
I should have held it in.
I should never have provoked that girl.
[Cho-yeon] I told you to be careful.
Wait here.
Young Master Jang will be here soon.
My lady, what's going to happen to me?
What do you think?
You'll be severely punished.
I'm not worried about that.
They say that if you break the jade,
the rest of your relationships
with lovers are destined to break, too.
What am I going to do now?
What are you talking about?
Stop talking such nonsense.
If you break that yin-yang jade,
they say that you'll never ever
end up with the person you love.
That's what all the gisaengs
at Chwiseonru are saying.
Is…
Is that really true?
Yes.
Did you not know that already,
Young Lady Jin?
That cannot be.
Then what's going to happen to me?
[sighs]
Why are you worried, my lady,
when I was the one who broke it?
It was you who broke the jade, wasn't it?
And you made me carry the box
so that you could place the blame on me.
Am I right?
If you felt wronged,
you should have said so
in front of my mother
when you had the chance.
Would Lady Jin have sat back
and let me get away with it
if I'd publicly humiliated her daughter?
I'm not scared of you.
But I am a little bit scared
of your mother, the leader of Jinyowon.
Are you that frightened of your mother?
It is true that I fear her,
but I hate you.
I'm going to sell you.
Like you said,
my mother is a frightening woman.
And as punishment for what you did,
she's going to send you away.
Somewhere far away!
[sighs]
[door closes]
[suspenseful music]
[thrilling music]
[gasps]
Did she run away?
[Mu-deok] Should I try
climbing over this wall?
[leaves rustling]
[Cho-yeon] How did she open
the door to Jinyowon?
So this is the Jin family's Jinyowon.
If she gets locked in, she could die.
[suspenseful music]
[mirror Mu-deok] Hey.
So it really is you.
It's been a while.
[ominous music]
You can't leave.
[laughter]
It won't break.
Nothing will work!
[laughter]
Just shut up!
[Cho-yeon] A girl who can't even
cast spells went in there.
Could she have died?
They said they saw her illusion.
[Dang-gu] Young Lady Jin.
I think I…
Every time you move, I hear something.
It sounds like…
jade clinking together.
[soft clink]
[sighs]
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok!
[Seo Yul] The hour is up. We must leave.
I must find her. I'm staying here.
This place is too large
for just the three of us to search.
You only came to see inside Jinyowon,
so you can leave, Your Highness.
How did you get
Mu-deok's illusion to come out?
I don't know where it came from.
But…
I came because you kept thinking of me.
[Go Won] That's right.
She said that to me too.
She came to me because I thought of her.
So, if you think of Mu-deok,
her illusion appears before you.
So, you did not see it.
She visited me and Yul,
but not you,
even though you are her master.
Why in the world were you thinking
about Mu-deok, Your Highness?
I was drinking wine,
and it reminded me of her.
So, you were the one who got Mu-deok
drunk and reeking of cinnamon?
Yes, indeed.
I also gave her a sachet that day.
So the cinnamon that you smelled
probably came from my sachet.
Ah, right.
The sachet that she hung
by the toilet to get rid of the flies?
The-- By the toilet?
Thank you very much, Your Highness.
I was able to do my business comfortably.
Yul, what were you doing
when you saw her illusion?
The mirror.
-My mirror broke.
-So did the one in my room.
Maybe it came through the mirror.
The mirror?
[Jang Uk breathes heavily]
Is this it?
[Seo Yul] That's not you, either.
It's fake.
It's an illusion.
So it is you.
She is trapped inside the mirror?
[Seo Yul] Correct.
We are unable to see what's inside,
but we're certain she's in there.
The Mirror of Longing.
Longing?
That mirror is a relic
that creates delusions.
It uses other mirrors to show
the illusions of things
that people long for.
It seems she was sucked inside
while standing in front of it,
since she has no abilities.
We need to get Mu-deok out of the mirror.
Since Jinyowon's energy is so strong,
we cannot do it with our spells.
Please, remove the mirror from Jinyowon.
I cannot move the mirror.
That relic has swallowed a human.
It is too dangerous to bring it outside.
As Crown Prince, I order you.
Go bring out the mirror.
[scoffs]
Jinyowon is protected by a plaque
from The Unanimous Assembly
for situations like this.
Even if the king commands it,
I don't have to take it out.
Uk will not come out of there…
while Mu-deok's trapped inside.
That's out of my control.
He'll have to stay inside then.
Once the hour I promised you is over,
I will seal the door to Jinyowon.
Mother.
I found it. The jade.
Mu-deok must not have stolen it after all.
Now that I have found it,
please bring out the mirror
and get her out of there.
If Young Master Jang is locked
in there, he will die.
You stay out of this.
Once the agreed time is over,
I shall seal the door again.
[grunting]
[evil laughter]
[mirror Jang Uk] It's no use!
You can't break it, and you know it.
Just shut up! You're an illusion.
Yes. And I am…
a delusion that reflects yourself.
[exhales deeply]
Humans can't see themselves
with their own eyes.
They need a mirror to behold themselves.
So the perceptions that
you have about yourself…
are just a delusion.
The same can be said
for how others perceive you.
Just another delusion.
They see only what they want to see.
Nothing is real.
If this is true,
that means everyone only sees
nothing but illusions.
That's right.
So I conjure the form they long for
the most and show them that.
I'll do the same for you.
Give me your energy. And then…
I promise I'll make you perfect.
But…
you need my reflection
to create this illusion, don't you?
Huh?
If it isn't reflecting anything…
a mirror becomes useless.
[mirror Jang Uk breathes heavily, shouts]
All that for a piece of glass just used…
for combing hair.
Mu-deok!
Mu-deok! Are you in there?
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok!
Jang Uk.
Uk!
[Mu-deok] Uk, I am in here!
I found you.
[relieved sigh]
[breathes heavily]
[Ho-gyeong] Time is up.
Cho-yeon, go seal the door off right now.
Mother.
Do it now!
-[door opens]
-[Jin] Please wait a moment.
[tense music]
Allow me to go inside myself.
If the relic cannot be removed
from Jinyowon,
then I will go in there
and retrieve the girl
trapped in the Mirror of Longing.
You're a high-level mage.
How can I trust you to go in there?
Please, believe me.
I will not touch any other artifacts.
Why should I?
My trust was broken once before,
also by a Songrim mage.
Have you ever allowed a Songrim mage
to enter into Jinyowon before?
If you want to save Jang Uk,
you must ask the mages of Jeongjingak
so they can drag him out of there.
My lord.
We are running out of time.
Yul, I want you to go in there
and bring Uk out with you.
Mu-deok.
While you were gone,
I sat down and started thinking.
Thinking about…
what I need to do to keep you by my side.
If I become Cheonbugwan's Gwanju,
you'll be Assistant Gwanju.
Why would I want that?
[Jang Uk] You said you didn't want
to stay by my side as a servant.
We can't tell anyone that
you are my master, and I'm your pupil.
But if you are
my Assistant Gwanju, you'll stay.
You will be Cheonbugwan's Gwanju
with a soul shifter by your side?
You are mad.
I thought about it
when I heard about my marriage.
"So, he finally has a way out."
"What if he abandons me?"
You must have felt lost thinking that.
But now that you are gone,
I feel lost.
[soft music]
Mu-deok.
I miss you.
[soft music continues playing]
[Mu-deok] Pretend you know nothing,
even if they catch me.
Not a single soul in Songrim would ever
allow that thing to attack me.
[Mu-deok] Then I'll ask this
of you, Jang Uk.
Please take me up there.
[Jang Uk] Sure.
I'll take you to the top
of wherever you want to go.
[soft music continues playing]
[loud roar]
[mirror rumbling]
Mu-deok.
What's happening?
[child] She is here!
[man] Who?
[child] It is her. The blind girl!
[man] It's the ice stone!
The mirror is going to shatter.
Step back.
[gasps]
[mirror rumbling]
[epic music playing]
[door closes]
[maid Kim] Young Master.
Mu-deok.
-Are you all right?
-Uh-huh, I'm all right.
-Is Mu-deok all right?
-Yes, Of course.
I fell while bringing out
the yin-yang jade.
I think that was when it broke.
So you tried to blame
a servant for the broken jade.
What about the Mirror of Longing?
I remember it was next to me when I fell,
but I didn't touch it.
How could Uk possibly break
the mirror with his abilities?
[Cho-yeon] Then I suppose
I must have somehow also
harmed the mirror when I fell.
Was it you
who locked Mu-deok
in Jinyowon, Young Lady Jin?
I did seal the door,
but she'd already opened it herself.
That door can't be opened
by anyone outside the Jin family.
But you're saying Mu-deok opened it?
Then I suppose…
I must have opened the door.
I saw her go inside
and I locked her in there.
[chuckles]
[Cho-yeon] Please, forgive me!
I'll tell everyone…
that they should keep quiet
about this whole incident.
Considering your reputation,
I'll keep quiet as well.
I deeply apologize.
Are you all right?
You're still unable to see?
Yes.
When the mirror broke,
I saw a really bright light.
And now I can't open my eyes.
We should protect
your eyes from the light.
Here.
[Mu-deok] Oh.
Usually, if you stare at the sun too long,
you can't see for a little bit.
I'm sure you'll recover soon.
I am sorry for this.
What have you done wrong?
Young Lady Jin is at fault.
[Dang-gu] Are you all right, Mu-deok?
What are you doing here,
Young Master Park?
[Dang-gu] Oh, my goodness!
I came because I was worried.
I see you've hurt your eyes.
You're here, too, Young Master Seo?
You should be treated at Sejukwon.
I'll take you there.
[Go Won] The palace is nearby.
She will go there.
Huh, Your Highness is here, too?
[soft music playing]
I will take you to the royal clinic.
[maid Kim] That's not necessary.
She's temporarily blinded by the light.
But she's not injured.
I know you didn't plan any of this,
but they came here for you.
You should apologize,
thank them, and bid them farewell.
I apologize for this.
Thank you very much.
Young Master.
Let's go home now.
After what happened today,
I'm doubtful the wedding will
proceed as planned.
Did you hear what she said?
She was going to close the door
even if the Young Master would die.
How terrifying!
Sending him to live
with a mother-in-law like that worries me.
She made that choice to protect Jinyowon.
When you have a lot to protect, sometimes…
you have no choice but to be heartless.
So, then…
are you saying
you would have done the same?
I'd say that you and I are rather close.
What if I were locked inside?
Would you seal the door?
Heartlessly?
[quirky music]
Oh, my!
So, you would seal it?
Even if it meant I might die in there?
Don't overthink it, though.
Nothing has even happened yet.
I am not even actually locked inside.
Would it be too much
to ask you to lie and say
-"I'll never seal the door"?
-I…
cannot give you empty words.
Indeed.
That is the kind of man you are after all.
Well, just speak with
the Young Master before you leave.
No.
I mean, what could I
possibly have to say to Jang Uk.
I can't give him empty words.
Yes.
Thank you for your help today.
Goodbye.
But know this…
if I did have to seal it,
my heart would be shattered…
to pieces.
[somber music]
He's so slow-witted and stubborn.
"How could I seal the door
with you inside?"
Is that so hard for you to say?
That was dangerous.
Entering Jinyowon
was reckless, childish and stubborn.
You don't need to be so angry.
Your perception of me as pathetic…
is an illusion.
What?
The mirror inside Jinyowon said it.
It said that what people see
are delusions of what they wish to see.
It's an illusion.
Are you saying that
I see you as an illusion?
If not…
why do you tell me to not do anything?
Throughout my life, I tried
so hard to prove
that I was my father's son. But…
even though it hurt
when you told me I wasn't,
it shattered my delusion.
But after all of that,
how can you tell me
to go on living that illusion?
I don't care about this.
Illusion nonsense.
My only wish…
is for you to be safe and sound.
The delusion I tried so hard
to prove my whole life is shattered.
So from this point on,
I'll fight harder…
to find out…
the truth about who I am.
[sighs]
Can you see?
Yes, I can.
[exhales in relief]
What?
I was told that
the mirror was making illusions of you.
So I'm checking that the one
I pulled out is the real Mu-deok.
You didn't pull me out.
I broke the mirror myself.
Hmm?
While I was inside that strange place,
I temporarily regained my energy
just like at Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
I'm sure I broke the mirror
with my own power.
You think so?
I was so excited thinking that I broke it.
Not at all.
At your level, you should be grateful
it didn't suck you in.
I did think about going into
the mirror because you were inside.
That's such a foolish idea.
Unless it swallowed you and spit me out.
So if it had swallowed me,
that would be a good idea?
Well, then I would have survived.
And then, I would have died.
My pupil, when there's no
other alternative,
it's only right
that you sacrifice yourself
to save your master.
No, I don't want to.
If I die, you should die beside me.
Don't think that you're going
to survive here by yourself.
-[scoffs]
-You have no other choice.
When you put your pupil in danger,
the master should be prepared
to die as well.
-All right. I'll keep that in mind.
-Hmm.
But what about your engagement
to the woman
who almost killed your master?
[sighs]
Marrying Jin Cho-yeon will certainly
guarantee my safety.
But if his master nearly died
then the pupil should risk his life, too.
[Ho-gyeong] This is a marriage
of convenience,
so let us resolve
any emotional issues after the wedding.
The reason that
the Jin family needs me for a son-in-law
is because I'm Jang Gang's son
and next in line to become
Gwanju of Cheonbugwan.
Think of it as our families
combining strength.
Yes. Since this is
a marriage of convenience,
we should be honest
about what we can offer each other.
Apparently, I am not the son
of the Gwanju, Jang Gang.
I do not care about such rumors.
But what if that rumor turns out…
to be true?
Think about whether or not you're willing
to take that risk to have me
as the Jin family's son-in-law.
I see you still have
the binding bracelet on.
[sighs]
Ah.
Yes.
And you're as impudent as ever, too.
Why did you decide to marry off Cho-yeon
without even discussing it with me?
Who do you think you are
to meddle in our family matters?
Sister.
It's also my family.
The name "Jin" is only given
to those children born of Jin mothers.
My mother was a fool to have given
our family name to someone like you,
conceived elsewhere by our father.
As soon as you became
leader of Jinyowon, you chased me out.
To this day,
you still resent me that much?
I don't resent you.
I detest you.
I detest that slyness of yours.
[chuckles softly]
The leader of Jinyowon should not
make decisions based on preference.
Choosing Jang Uk was the wrong decision.
Call off the marriage.
What?
I'll give you
a much better card than Jang Uk.
How would you like
the Crown Prince as your son-in-law?
[scoffs]
You expect the Crown Prince
to come live with our family?
Cho-yeon is the second daughter.
It's Bu-yeon, your eldest,
who will lead the family.
Why must Cho-yeon's husband move in
when there's also Bu-yeon?
What are you planning…
that you dare to speak of Bu-yeon?
[breathes deeply]
[Jin Mu] I understand that your husband is
still searching for Bu-yeon.
And as the Assistant Gwanju
of Cheonbugwan,
I'll do everything
in my power to find the daughter…
that you've been longing for.
I'll find Bu-yeon
and make her leader of Jinyowon,
and I'll make Cho-yeon queen.
So please, do not marry her to Jang Uk.
Your brother…
will become Cheonbugwan's Gwanju
and an ally to Jinyowon,
because I am a part
of this family, after all.
[suspenseful music]
Hey, Yul. I've been
wondering about something.
What was it that made you
think about Mu-deok?
I was not thinking about Mu-deok.
I also find it odd
that the illusion appeared as her
-and said that.
-What did it say to you?
Hey, hey, Yul.
It's this way!
Why do you keep going the wrong way?
What exactly is going on with you?
I will be fine.
Goodness!
Huh?
It's package delivery.
[Dang-gu] Young Lady Jin's marriage gifts
should be delivered to Songrim today.
[sighs]
No one should see them.
I'd better go and receive them.
[bird chirping]
[man 1] Ah! The bird!
The bird! Catch the bird!
-Quick! Catch it!
-[man 2] Oh, oh, no!
-[man 1 groans]
-[man 2] Where is it going?
[man 1] There, there, there, there!
Come on!
[man 2] Come on! Oh!
-Seriously!
-[man 1 yells]
[man 1] No, no, no, no!
[bird whistle blowing]
[Jin] Naksu uses the alchemy of souls.
[Dang-gu] What if Naksu shifted her soul
into another woman's body?
[mirror Mu-deok] You were longing for
the one you met at Danhyanggok.
If you keep thinking of me,
I will visit you.
Winter in Danhyanggok is
much warmer than you would think.
As soon as the sun rises,
the snow tends to melt pretty quickly.
Mu-deok…
is Naksu.
[dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music]
You left this at Danhyanggok, Naksu.
After all this time, I've found you.
[sighs]
Mu-deok.
Do you know how long
I've been waiting for you?
Maidservant Kim didn't tell you?
You were supposed to be here by noon.
Let's go. We'll get
to Danhyanggok by sunset.
Instead of Danhyanggok…
let us go somewhere else.
Like where?
There is an empty temple
by the eastern forest.
Let us go there.
[somber music]
[sighs]
[Gil-ju] If you bring
Jang Uk here tonight,
then I shall spare your life.
[Mu-deok] I must sacrifice you to survive.
It is only right.
[Jang Uk] The marriage is off.
I gave them an excuse to get rid of me.
[Mu-deok] I see.
[Jang Uk] But…
Maidservant Kim already received
the yin-yang jade.
So I made something out of it.
-Bird's eggs.
-Yes.
Pick one. We'll each keep one, okay?
Oh, you know how strange
our relationship is.
Young master and servant.
Pupil and master.
So I made them as a token for us
so we can remember to stay, um…
dutiful and loyal.
Or I can just choose.
I pick red. You can have blue.
Master, let us stay forever
loyal and dutiful to each other.
-Jang Uk.
-Hmm?
Let us part ways here.
I will return to where I came from.
-But they abandoned you, didn't they?
-I met them today.
They know who I am now.
And they asked me to come back with them.
-You said they were dangerous, though.
-As you can see, I am alive and well.
If they wanted to kill me,
they would have done it already.
If I go back to them,
I will be able to retrieve my energy.
I promised to do that.
I told you that
I'd push you to the edge of a cliff.
It's true. I pushed you too far.
And you did try your best.
-And we can keep doing that together.
-No.
If we stay together, you will die,
and I will get caught.
[suspenseful music]
What business does the leader of Songrim
have to ask to meet me in secret?
I need to ask you
about a Cheonbugwan mage
from 20 years ago named Cho Chung.
[Heo Yeom] Naksu's father, Cho Chung,
was a soul shifter.
By the time we found him,
he had already run wild.
He had massacred
nearly everyone in his family.
[somber music]
The four families had to get involved
to put an end to the killing.
[shouts]
So, Naksu's father was a soul shifter?
To a child,
we must have looked like
murderers who killed her father.
She must have thought
her father was murdered by us.
That's probably why
she became an assassin.
What's this important matter
you wanted to talk about?
Have you… recalled it?
If I see you again,
I won't hesitate to kill you.
Are you implying that I, Jin Mu,
took in Cho Chung's daughter
and trained her to become an assassin?
I assume that the reason you burned
Naksu's body as soon as you found it
was because you were afraid that
her identity might be revealed,
was it not?
Instead of saying what you wish to hear,
I'll tell you what actually happened.
At Cheonbugwan, we record the stars
with the most energy
every night from 1 to 3 a.m.
Then, after the Gwanju checks it
later that day, the record is stored here.
But one day, a constellation plate
recorded that night disappeared.
Fortunately, it was soon found,
and the incident was resolved.
So, why are you telling me this, Jin Mu?
It was the day Jang Gang's wife, Do-hwa,
died while giving birth to Jang Uk.
Cho Chung recorded the stars that day,
and the one who discovered
the missing plate was me.
KING GO SUN, YEAR ONE
FIRST DAY OF APRIL
[Gang] I've already stolen the plate
that recorded the stars that night.
The one in Cheonbugwan
is a fake without the King's Star.
Are you telling me
that you know what really happened
the day that Jang Gang's son…
Jang Uk, was born?
[chuckles softly]
A star that would bring disorder
to the world appeared that night.
So, you knew about the King's Star?
Do you think the secret was erased
with Cho Chung's death?
Who do you think performed
the alchemy of souls
that caused his death?
Do not ask questions
you do not wish to hear the answers to
if you want to protect
Songrim and your people.
[Gil-ju] The Danju does not yet know
that you are still alive, Naksu.
I did not tell him.
Bring Jang Uk to me.
And my lips will remain sealed.
I will shift my soul into his body.
[door creaks]
[tense music]
Where is Jang Uk?
He will be here soon.
[maid Kim] What brings you here
at such a late hour?
Before Uk was ever born,
close to about 20 years ago,
did Jang Gang…
master a type of sorcery?
[thunder rumbles]
Did Jang Gang…
perform the alchemy of souls?
What's taking him so long?
It is finally raining now.
He should be here.
Did you try to fool me?
Why are you stalling for time?
Seeing as how the Danju
still has not shown up here yet,
you really must be
the only one who knows about me.
You little…
[yells angrily]
[suspenseful music]
[yells]
[sword chiming]
[Mu-deok] Let us end things here.
What about the empty temple by the forest?
Why were you taking me all the way
up here just to end things like this?
I was going to hand you over to them.
Now you know, so don't follow me.
If that's what you want,
then you shouldn't
have told me about the temple.
If you leave after saying
such ominous things,
how can I not follow you, Mu-deok?
I'm more upset than you are.
I gave up my chance to live
just for this bird's egg.
I'm glad that I reminded you to be loyal.
If I had not, I truly could have died.
[sighs]
Now that I helped you escape death,
fight like your life depends on it,
my pupil.
If you say it like that, it…
it sounds like you saved my life.
If we're lucky
and that cloudy sky brings us rain,
then we both might be able to live.
[thunder rumbles]
Jang Uk, you truly are lucky.
It's really raining quite a bit.
I can't be that lucky with that opponent.
A mage of Cheonbugwan.
Hi. Don't you remember me?
[Gil-ju yells]
[grunts]
[groans]
[grunts in pain]
[Jang Uk grunts]
[swords whooshing]
[groans]
[pants]
[Jang Uk breathes heavily]
[wind howls]
[tense music]
[tense music continues playing]
[Mu-deok] It is time. Use Tansu.
Instead of trying to meet the water-drops
with a sword you can't control,
wield the sword
so that water-drops meet it.
[grunts]
[groans]
[groans in pain]
[ominous music]
[Mu-deok] Oh, no.
What is that?
Alchemy of souls.
[screams]
[loud rumble]
[suspenseful music]
[Jang Uk] Is my soul
being shifted right now?
[closing theme music]
Jang Uk! Jang Uk!
Gil-ju, you bastard!
You managed to steal his body after all.
I'm afraid Uk's fallen victim
to the alchemy of souls.
What?
[Mu-deok] Is the person
who shifted my father's soul
Jin Mu as in Cheonbugwan?
Why is it you?
Why does it have to be you again?
Are you certain that the ice stone
has truly been rid from this world?
[Jin Mu] Hemp Master Lee ordered
all of the mages
in Cheonbugwan to search for him.
It must never be revealed
that they are soul shifters.